Add EnableCrossEntityTransactions (#19161)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/servicebus/Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus/MigrationGuide.md

Previously, in `Microsoft.Azure.ServiceBus`, when performing a transaction that spanned multiple queues, topics, or subscriptions you would need to use the "Send-Via" option
in the `MessageSender`. 

> Now in `Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus`, there is an `EnableCrossEntityTransactions` property on the `ServiceBusClientOptions`. When setting this property to `true`, the first operation that occurs on the using any senders or receivers created from the client implicitly becomes the send-via entity. Because of this, subsequent operations must either be by senders, or if they are by receivers, the receiver must be receiving from the send-via entity. For this reason, it probably makes more sense to have your first operation be a receive rather than a send when setting this property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now in `Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus`, there is an `EnableCrossEntityTransactions` property on the `ServiceBusClientOptions`. When this property is set to `true`, the first use of any sender or receiver created from the client that performs a service operation will implicitly cause its entity to become the the send-via entity.  Because of this, subsequent operations must either be by senders, or if they are by receivers, the receiver must be receiving from the send-via entity. For this reason, it probably makes more sense to have your first operation be a receive rather than a send when setting this property.
```

Reviewer: I find this confusing still, even with my suggestion.   Maybe we could link to some service documentation for send-via or another area to define/explain it?
